Uncle Lu, what car?
I didn't expect you to lose to your own residents
What do you mean?
You have also cancelled the engagement
Don't you know
How can you think about it? You can't do it for life this year.
I used to overestimate
Let's grab the gun
I'm very few
We can be together
What's up
Your sister Hua was snatched away by that assistant
You must be really worried, Mr. Gu
Of course not happy
I can get rid of him for you
Happy cooperation
thump thump thump thump
They are all typing Happy Birthday Ah Zheng
How did you know my birthday?
Of course it depends on your ID.
Isn't this car cheap?
How did you get so much money to buy a car?
In fact, the small electric is very good.
Don't worry, I still have a deposit after all these years.
Give me back 200 bucks
Go back and call your wife
What should I do?
Delete it for me.
Be careful on the road
Dumplings don't ruin my business
The boss told me not to touch this woman
Brother Lu
I've already called the police, and none of you can escape
Is Mr. Gu alright?
To find out who is killing me